index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Pandas TA Classic - Technical Analysis Library
---

# Pandas TA Classic

**Pandas Technical Analysis (Pandas TA Classic)** is an easy to use library that leverages the Pandas package with more than 140 Indicators and Utility functions. This is the **community maintained version** of the popular pandas-ta library.

![Example Chart](images/TA_Chart.png)

## Features

* 140+ indicators and utility functions
* Tightly correlated with TA-Lib indicators
* Supports both standalone and DataFrame extension usage
* Multiprocessing support via Strategy method
* Custom strategies and indicator chaining
* Performance metrics (BETA)

## Quick Installation

```bash
# Stable version
pip install pandas-ta-classic

# Latest version from GitHub
pip install -U git+https://github.com/xgboosted/pandas-ta-classic
```

## Quick Start

```python
import pandas as pd
import pandas_ta_classic as ta

# Load your data
df = pd.read_csv("path/to/symbol.csv")

# Calculate indicators
df.ta.sma(length=20, append=True)  # Simple Moving Average
df.ta.rsi(length=14, append=True)  # RSI
df.ta.macd(append=True)            # MACD

# Or use strategies for bulk processing
df.ta.strategy("CommonStrategy")
```

## Documentation

For detailed documentation, examples, and the complete list of indicators, please visit our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/xgboosted/pandas-ta-classic).

## Categories of Indicators

- **Candles** (65): Pattern recognition indicators (3 native + 62 TA-Lib patterns)
- **Momentum** (41): RSI, MACD, Stochastic, etc.
- **Overlap** (34): Moving averages, Bollinger Bands, etc.
- **Trend** (18): ADX, Aroon, Parabolic SAR, etc.
- **Volume** (15): OBV, Money Flow, etc.
- **Volatility** (14): ATR, Bollinger Bands, etc.
- **Statistics** (10): Z-Score, Standard Deviation, etc.
- **Performance** (3): Returns, Drawdown analysis
- **Cycles** (1): Even Better Sinewave
- **Utility** (10): Helper functions

## Support

- [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/xgboosted/pandas-ta-classic/issues)
- [Examples and Notebooks](https://github.com/xgboosted/pandas-ta-classic/tree/main/examples)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

chore: Update CHANGELOG for new features and improvements
feat: Add UV Package Manager support and parameterized package configuration
- Updated documentation to include installation instructions for both `uv` and `pip`.
- Implemented dynamic version and Python classifiers in `pyproject.toml`.

refactor: Enhance dynamic category discovery for indicators
- Replaced hardcoded Category dictionary with a dynamic discovery method in `_meta.py`.
- Updated total indicator counts in documentation and README.

docs: Create CONTRIBUTING.md for contribution guidelines
- Added detailed instructions for code contributions, testing, documentation, and code style.

build: Revise Makefile for improved development workflow
- Added installation and testing targets, along with documentation build commands.

docs: Update README and installation instructions
- Corrected indicator counts and added support for `uv` package manager in installation instructions.

fix: Update project metadata in pyproject.toml
- Changed version placeholder for CI/CD integration and updated development status to Production/Stable.

chore: Remove requirements.txt in favor of pyproject.toml
- Consolidated dependency management into pyproject.toml for better compatibility with modern Python packaging.

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Pandas TA Classic - Technical Analysis Library
---

# Pandas TA Classic

**Pandas Technical Analysis (Pandas TA Classic)** is an easy to use library that leverages the Pandas package with more than 141 Indicators and Utility functions plus 62 TA-Lib candlestick patterns (203 total). This is the **community maintained version** of the popular pandas-ta library.

![Example Chart](images/TA_Chart.png)

## Features

* 141 indicators and utility functions across 9 categories
* 62 TA-Lib candlestick patterns for comprehensive pattern recognition
* Dynamic category discovery - automatically detects available indicators
* Tightly correlated with TA-Lib indicators
* Supports both standalone and DataFrame extension usage
* Multiprocessing support via Strategy method
* Custom strategies and indicator chaining
* Performance metrics (BETA)

## Quick Installation

Supports both modern `uv` and traditional `pip`:

Using `uv` (recommended):
```bash
uv pip install pandas-ta-classic
```

Using `pip`:
```bash
pip install pandas-ta-classic
```

Latest version:
```bash
# Using uv
uv pip install git+https://github.com/xgboosted/pandas-ta-classic

# Using pip
pip install -U git+https://github.com/xgboosted/pandas-ta-classic
```

## Quick Start

```python
import pandas as pd
import pandas_ta_classic as ta

# Load your data
df = pd.read_csv("path/to/symbol.csv")

# Calculate indicators
df.ta.sma(length=20, append=True)  # Simple Moving Average
df.ta.rsi(length=14, append=True)  # RSI
df.ta.macd(append=True)            # MACD

# Or use strategies for bulk processing
df.ta.strategy("CommonStrategy")
```

## Documentation

For detailed documentation, examples, and the complete list of indicators, please visit our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/xgboosted/pandas-ta-classic).

## Categories of Indicators

- **Candles** (65): Pattern recognition indicators (3 native + 62 TA-Lib patterns)
- **Momentum** (41): RSI, MACD, Stochastic, etc.
- **Overlap** (34): Moving averages, Bollinger Bands, etc.
- **Trend** (18): ADX, Aroon, Parabolic SAR, etc.
- **Volume** (15): OBV, Money Flow, etc.
- **Volatility** (14): ATR, Bollinger Bands, etc.
- **Statistics** (10): Z-Score, Standard Deviation, etc.
- **Performance** (3): Returns, Drawdown analysis
- **Cycles** (1): Even Better Sinewave
- **Utility** (10): Helper functions

## Support

- [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/xgboosted/pandas-ta-classic/issues)
- [Examples and Notebooks](https://github.com/xgboosted/pandas-ta-classic/tree/main/examples)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
